README.md, before:

![Repo banner](public/nuxt-tres-banner.png)

# @tresjs/nuxt

[![npm version][npm-version-src]][npm-version-href]
[![npm downloads][npm-downloads-src]][npm-downloads-href]
[![License][license-src]][license-href]
[![Nuxt][nuxt-src]][nuxt-href]

Official Nuxt module for TresJS. Build 3D scenes as they were Vue components.

- [✨ &nbsp;Release Notes](/CHANGELOG.md)
  <!-- - [🏀 Online playground](https://stackblitz.com/github/@tresjs/nuxt?file=playground%2Fapp.vue) -->
- [📖 &nbsp;Documentation](https://tresjs.org/guide/nuxt.html)

## Features

- 🤓 Auto-import components and composables from the [TresJS ecosystem](https://github.com/orgs/Tresjs/repositories)
- `TresCanvas` client only, you don't need to add `.client` to the component name or `<ClientOnly />`
- Automatically configures vue compiler to support TresJS components, see [why](https://tresjs.org/guide/troubleshooting.html#failed-resolve-component-trescomponent-%F0%9F%A4%94)?
- All the DX Magic that comes with Nuxt ✨

## Quick Setup

1. Add `@tresjs/nuxt` dependency to your project

```bash
# Using pnpm
pnpm add @tresjs/nuxt

# Using yarn
yarn add @tresjs/nuxt

# Using npm
npm install @tresjs/nuxt
```

2. Add `@tresjs/nuxt` to the `modules` section of `nuxt.config.ts`

```js
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['@tresjs/nuxt'],
})
```

That's it! You can now use `@tresjs/nuxt` in your Nuxt app ✨

If you want to use the any package from the TresJS ecosystem, you can install the packages you want to use and they will be auto-imported by the module 🧙🏼‍♂️.

```bash
# Using pnpm
pnpm add @tresjs/cientos @tresjs/post-processing
```

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Generate type stubs
npm run dev:prepare

# Develop with the playground
npm run dev

# Build the playground
npm run dev:build

# Run ESLint
npm run lint

# Run Vitest
npm run test
npm run test:watch

# Release new version
npm run release
```

<!-- Badges -->

[npm-version-src]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tresjs/nuxt/latest.svg?style=flat&colorA=18181B&colorB=28CF8D
[npm-version-href]: https://npmjs.com/package/@tresjs/nuxt
[npm-downloads-src]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@tresjs/nuxt.svg?style=flat&colorA=18181B&colorB=28CF8D
[npm-downloads-href]: https://npmjs.com/package/@tresjs/nuxt
[license-src]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@tresjs/nuxt.svg?style=flat&colorA=18181B&colorB=28CF8D
[license-href]: https://npmjs.com/package/@tresjs/nuxt
[nuxt-src]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-18181B?logo=nuxt.js
[nuxt-href]: https://nuxt.com

Commit message:

fix: issues with reactivity and renderer info

README.md, after:

![Repo banner](public/nuxt-tres-banner.png)

# @tresjs/nuxt

[![npm version][npm-version-src]][npm-version-href]
[![npm downloads][npm-downloads-src]][npm-downloads-href]
[![License][license-src]][license-href]
[![Nuxt][nuxt-src]][nuxt-href]

Official Nuxt module for TresJS. Build 3D scenes as they were Vue components.

- [✨ &nbsp;Release Notes](/CHANGELOG.md)
  <!-- - [🏀 Online playground](https://stackblitz.com/github/@tresjs/nuxt?file=playground%2Fapp.vue) -->
- [📖 &nbsp;Documentation](https://tresjs.org/guide/nuxt.html)

## Features

- 🤓 Auto-import components and composables from the [TresJS ecosystem](https://github.com/orgs/Tresjs/repositories)
- `TresCanvas` client only, you don't need to add `.client` to the component name or `<ClientOnly />`
- Automatically configures vue compiler to support TresJS components, see [why](https://tresjs.org/guide/troubleshooting.html#failed-resolve-component-trescomponent-%F0%9F%A4%94)?
- All the DX Magic that comes with Nuxt ✨
-  NEW v2: TresJS nuxt devtools.

## Quick Setup

1. Add `@tresjs/nuxt` dependency to your project

```bash
# Using pnpm
pnpm add @tresjs/nuxt

# Using yarn
yarn add @tresjs/nuxt

# Using npm
npm install @tresjs/nuxt
```

2. Add `@tresjs/nuxt` to the `modules` section of `nuxt.config.ts`

```js
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['@tresjs/nuxt'],
})
```

That's it! You can now use `@tresjs/nuxt` in your Nuxt app ✨

If you want to use the any package from the TresJS ecosystem, you can install the packages you want to use and they will be auto-imported by the module 🧙🏼‍♂️.

```bash
# Using pnpm
pnpm add @tresjs/cientos @tresjs/post-processing
```

## Devtools

![Devtools](/public/tresjs-nuxt-devtools.png)

TresJS nuxt module comes with a devtools extension that allows you to inspect the 3D scene and measure performance.

To activate the devtools, you need to add the `devtools` option to the `tres` section of `nuxt.config.ts`.


```js
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['@tresjs/nuxt', '@nuxt/devtools' ],
  tres: {
    devtools: true,
  },
})
```




## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Generate type stubs
npm run dev:prepare

# Develop with the playground
npm run dev

# Build the playground
npm run dev:build

# Run ESLint
npm run lint

# Run Vitest
npm run test
npm run test:watch

# Release new version
npm run release
```

<!-- Badges -->

[npm-version-src]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tresjs/nuxt/latest.svg?style=flat&colorA=18181B&colorB=28CF8D
[npm-version-href]: https://npmjs.com/package/@tresjs/nuxt
[npm-downloads-src]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@tresjs/nuxt.svg?style=flat&colorA=18181B&colorB=28CF8D
[npm-downloads-href]: https://npmjs.com/package/@tresjs/nuxt
[license-src]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@tresjs/nuxt.svg?style=flat&colorA=18181B&colorB=28CF8D
[license-href]: https://npmjs.com/package/@tresjs/nuxt
[nuxt-src]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-18181B?logo=nuxt.js
[nuxt-href]: https://nuxt.com
